[UXPLATFORM-5885] Updated line graph example datasets to display correct line graphs in dev site (#259)
cerner/terra-graphs: packages/terra-graphs-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/Graphs/LineGraph.b/About.a.doc.mdx

                },
            ]
        };
     ```

- ### Spline graph

>     For a Spline Graph you can use same [syntax](#usage) as line graph and content can be loaded as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a Spline Graph you can use the same [syntax](#usage) as a line graph and load content as follows:
```
